Jim is a artist based in New York and
has developed a practice over the last
25 years where he basically works with
common plays materials from everyday
life and experience that he transforms
often through very subtle and simple
gestures when I look into my studio I
had made these four drawings I had hung
them in a corner with tape so that you
could kind of get in and see them in a
relationship to each other and I showed
that to Olga and she instantly grasped
it and was instantly excited to buy it
and I guess it was that instantaneous
experience that was then shared that
then was built on I mean it's awesome
and it's also somewhat shocking the way
it it all came together so these
boulders if you travel up the the hill
of the walkers green space you see at
the crest of the hill these four massive
boulders that came from Western
Massachusetts they're four hundred
million years old and as you walk up the
hill light catches and you see a glimmer
of gold or blue and lavender and orange
and as you come between them you
discover that the faces are covered with
metal they almost look like they've been
just washed in color so what I was what
I was concentrating on in the making of
it was that this that the surface would
be continuous that that one one's I
would be passing over the surface of it
and it should be without interruption
that one's I would move from the stone
to the to the pain and then off again
there's something very profound about a
material like that to me this is
something that's been around for for
millions and millions of years it's
sitting on the earth in this way and
it's it's it's an honor to be able to
work with a material like that these
boulders situated there on the hill next
to the James Turrell sky space it's a
wonderful compliment on two pieces by
two very important American our
that make you really ate your
relationship to the landscape to the
space to the building to the context of
the entire campus
I think the work exists in levels of of
proximity as far as how you experience
the work whether inside from a distance
close by whatever I think that that for
me is is quite satisfying that the work
has multiple access points and also in
multiple places of where I find
satisfaction in it even though this is a
massive monolithic work it it has all
the qualities that some of Jim's
smallest you know most impactful pieces
have and I think that is the magic of
this piece is how it seems to defy what
it is itself